added required permissions to the description and readme (#13310)
demisto/content: Packs/Microsoft365Defender/Integrations/Microsoft365Defender/README.md

prevention, investigation, and response across endpoints, identities, email, and applications to provide integrated
protection against sophisticated attacks.

## Authentication

> For more details about the authentication used in this integration, see <a href="https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/articles/microsoft-integrations---authentication">Microsoft Integrations - Authentication</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [device code flow](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/articles/microsoft-integrations---authentication#device-code-flow)
to link Microsoft 365 Defender with Cortex XSOAR.

To connect to the Microsoft 365 Defender:
1. Fill in the required parameters.
2. Run the ***!microsoft-365-defender-auth-start*** command. 
3. Follow the instructions that appear.
4. Run the ***!microsoft-365-defender-auth-complete*** command.

At the end of the process you'll see a message that you've logged in successfully.

#### Cortex XSOAR App

In order to use the Cortex XSOAR application, use the default application ID.
```9093c354-630a-47f1-b087-6768eb9427e6```

#### Self-Deployed Azure App

To use a self-configured Azure application, you need to add a new Azure App Registration in the Azure Portal. For more details, follow [Self Deployed Application - Device Code Flow](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/articles/microsoft-integrations---authentication#device-code-flow).
```

#### Required Permissions
* microsoft-365-defender-incidents-list:
    * offline_access - Delegated 
      
      And one of the following:

>       * Incident.Read.All	- Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Incident.Read.All - Application
```
